All right we can start implementing our RLDS instance creation.
And for that purpose let's just create a method for that.
And I'm going to say create and since I'm going to create a post grad school instance I'm going to name
this method as post gry sequel instance just like that.
All right.
And within the method let's first say we're going to be creating a Amazon already Yes post gray sequel
D-B instance.
All right.
So that we we can be declarative about what we're going to do and to know about what we're going to
need for creating an audience instance.
Let's just try to tie Pindi method for creating an audience instance so self-taught underscore client
and create D-B instance this is the exact method that we're going to need for creating in our D.S. instance.
So I'll hit enter and let's take out the parameters and arguments that we need.
And as you can see there is a huge list of arguments that we're going to have to provide to these create
the instance method but not all of them is what we require to be created.
So let's go back to our Bothell 3 API documentation and see what we actually need and from there I'm
going to go to create D-B instance method and within that method we can just go down here with the individual
parameters we can see that we're going to have to provide a db name so that we can refer to that.
And we're going to have to of course provide a D-B instance identifier like my D-B my production D-B
et cetera.
So and after that we can provide the amount of storage for our db.
And we're going to of course have to pro-ID the instance class.
This is important because maybe if you're only on the frontier usage of a AWOS you don't want to have
to launch a DBMS for large D-B instance because that's going to be really costly for you and you're
going to also have to pro-white.
And we're going to have to provide the engine for our D-B instance and we're going to of course provide
the post great sequel engine for our D-B.
And of course if you want to have a master username and master password for our D-B we're going to have
to provide a master username and of course we're going to have to pass in a master password.
And other than that if you want to have the be open to the world or if you want to limit the accessibility
of this the instance we should definitely have to pass in the D-B security group or if you want to do
the management of security from the easy to perspective which is what we're going to do in this lecture
we're going to have to provide the PC security group ids that we're going to create.
So as you can see we're going to have to be creating a PC to security group so we're going to have to
add these two to our Klein factory implementation.
And after that you may we may provide the availabilities on to our D-B instance but if we don't it is
randomly assigned to an availability on within that region that you are creating your RLDS instance.
And of course you're going to have to use a D-B subnet group and if you don't provide a D-B subnet group
then it's going to be a non-GUI PCD instance.
But in our case we want a B C D B instance so that we can limit the accessibility to that instance and
the other parameters as you can see are simply optional and we don't have to provide those.
But of course the port parameter is important so that we can access our D-B instance and if I go down
here we can provide the multi Asie deployment of our D-B we can provide the engine version and we can
provide lots of options for RTP instance.
So let's start one by one 40 require parameters and try to create our beast as.
So I'm going back to my implementation and the first thing that I have to do is I'm going to have to
create a VPC security group so to do that I'm going to have to go to my Klein factory and create an
easy to client.
So let's just go down here and let's just say Class C to client and pass in the Klein factory and within
the initialiser method of this class I'm going to call the super and then initialize and pass in.
Easy to just like that.
So are easy to client is ready to be made use of.
So let's go back to our RLDS class and within our RLDS class what we're going to do is we're going to
create a DB security group for that purpose.
I'm going to create a new method and I'm going to name it create the security group and add proper rules
to the security group so that we can access our D-B instance.
And we tried to within a post-career sequel client or any other database client for accessing post-career
sequel instances.
All right so within that met it the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to get these two client.
So easy to client equals easy to client from the client factory class.
But in order to use it or of course I have to import it and as R C Klein factory of course I'm going
to say Oops I'm going to delete this line and I'm going to say from as R C Klein factory in pork you
see too quite.
Just like that.
But of course to make use of this easy to client with the help of the autocomplete features of easy
to and to be able to create my security group I'm going to have to I'm going to actually provide an
easy to class.
All right it's easy to.
Class is going to be base for my easy to action so I can simply separate my concerns about my implementation.
All right within that class of course I'm going to start off with naming my class as easy to write within
the class.
The first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to provide my initialiser method.
So within this initialiser method I'm going to pass in the client and then after that I'm going to say
self dot underscore client is equals to the client.
And for my autocomplete capabilities I'm going to provide my PI both.
So I'm going to say type is Pi both are three that easy to just like that.
So let's go down here and let's just say create security group.
All right.
And within that method I'm going to just first say I'm creating our Yes security group with some name
and I can just simply pass in a constant.
Or I can just do anything I want but in my case I'm going to give it an actual name.
So yes security group.
And of course name.
So this is going to be my my RLDS public security group.
All right.
So let's just go down here and put it to my print statement.
So we can now create our security group to access our D.S. instance so I'm going to say self-taught
client dot create as you can see it is already completing security group and for the security group
of course we're not doing a dry run which is just simply validating your API calls.
And we're going to have to provide a group name and forwarding group name.
I'm going to simply provide the constant that I just typed in RDF security group name or my RLDS public
security group and for the description I'm going to say RLDS.
Oops.
RDX security group for public access.
All right.
And for the VPC I.D. of course.
I want to place this in within a VPC.
I'm going to have to go to my AWOS console and get the VPC ID of my default PC.
And if you want to get the VPC I.D. of course you can just simply get a client as easy too and you can
just get TV PC I.D. but we don't want to lose time doing that.
And of course you can definitely do that when you have time to do it.
And let's go to our AWOS concert right now and let's go to the PC section.
Let's just type in the PC and within that PC section
and of course we were in the Paris region or U.S.-Korea region.
So let's just go there so that we don't get the wrong ID.
And here we go.
This is our PCI I.D. and I'm just going to copy that.
And I'm just going to paste it in right here.
Here we go.
Our PC I.D. and our security group creation method is ready.
But before we can make use of the security group we're going to have to add some inbound crude to this
security group.
So I'm going to say at in-bound rule to security group or as G and for the security group for this rule
adding section for this method I'm going to have to make use of my security group.
So let's just first say adding inbound access through to security.
So as you can see we're going to have to need the security group name or ID in some cases so that we
can make use of it.
So I'm going to pass in a security group I.D. up top of my method within the parameters so I can both
print it out and I can make it use of within my methods.
So security group ID.
And then I can simply call my client method for adding Rule 2 to my security group but the name of that
method is a little bit different.
So it is simply authorize Security Group ingress ingress.
As you can see and as you're aware of and I believe you're aware of is the inbound secure Dural creation
and egress is simply the outgoing connection definitions.
So in our case we're going to need the ingress and within the ingress as you can see we're going to
have to either provide the group name or the group ID.
But since I chose to provide the group id I'm going to pro-white Security Group ID that I'm just going
to create.
So let's just say security group ID and of course I'm going to provide the IP permissions.
So within the IP permissions I'm going to give a list of IPs that I want to pass in that I want to allow
to my Ardis instance access.
So within that IP address list I'm going to provide my first element within that list and I'm going
to say IP protocol and this protocol is going to be TCAP so that I can allow any connection to IDB within
that IP block.
So I'm going to say from Port and I'm going to allow access to my RLDS instance only from the 54 32
which is the default port for pulse Gracy call.
And I'm going to allow this to be connected to my 54 and 32 so I'm going to again say 54 32.
And lastly I'm going to provide the IP ranges for my s instance to my connection so far the IP ranges.
I can definitely provide lots of IPs for the IP ranges but in my case I'm just going to provide a single
element to this list.
So I'm going to say cyder IP and this is going to be
0 0 0 and then Sless 0.
So I believe you know what this means.
This means that we're simply allowing anyone to connect to our RLDS instance.
So in your case if you want to don't do that and you probably don't want to do that you can just limit
the security group rules to your specific IP blocks or maybe just the IP of your own computer.
So you can go check out what is the IP of your internet connection and then you can simply type it in
right here to limit the connection availability to your RDX instance.
All right.
So this is simply everything that we're going to do within the C section.
So now we can go back to our RLDS implementation and see what else we're going to need.
The first thing that we're going to need is of course implement the RDX client for our D s creation.
So for that purpose let's go and get DC to client.
And with that easy to quiet let's just add our security group and pass in the security group ID to our
inbound group class to add rule to our security group.
So let's go out here and first import the easy to class from S R C.
Easy to an import.
Easy to just like that and blow there.
Let's first get DC to client and after that get DC to itself as easy to and passing in easy to client.
All right.
So the first thing that we're going to do is to create a security group.
So I'm just going to simply comment out here to say I'm creating a security group and the security group
response is security group and then I'm going to say easy to dot create security group just like that.
So the next thing that I'm going to need is the idea of the security group.
So get idea of the security group.
So to do that I'm going to say security group I.D. equals security group and the security group I.D.
is coming from the security group as group I.D. and to verify that we can simply go back to our both
or three API and from there if we go to easy to section and if we locate the method for creating security
groups and here we go.
Oops sorry about that let's just say create a security group and this is it.
So if we check out the return parameters of this method you can see that it all returns the group id
of the security group.
All right.
So I can just go back and make use of this security group idea right now.
So the next thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to just print out that created RLDS security group
with ID and this ID of course security group ID.
And the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to add the public access through to my security group.
So I'm going to call in easy to dot add inbound router security group.
So I'm going to say security group Heidi.
And I'm just simply done.
And let's also say and printout added inbound public access through to security group.
So with I.D. of course let's just be declarative about what we're doing.
And here we go.
So I can just simply turn the security group ID so that we can make use of it within the RTX instance
launching Methot.
All right.
So the next thing that we're going to do is we're going to have to create a D-B subnet group as we checked
out the bowlful three API documentation before launching our RLDS instance.
So let's just go down here and let's just lounge let's just create a database subnet group.
So I'm going to call this method as D-B subnet group and within that method first thing I'm going to
do is of course creating Ardie Yes.
DB The soft knit group.
And of course the subnet group is going to need a name and I'm going to give it a name right up top
like this.
RLDS the subnet name.
And this is going to be like RLDS or my r d s subnet group.
All right.
So I can just go down here and pass it in
our Yes the subnet name.
All right.
And after that I can just simply call the method to create my D-B subnet group.
So create D-B subnet group.
So within that method I'm going to have to pass in a D-B subnet group name.
And of course that is the name that I just created.
The constant that I typed in and I can optionally provide a description for my D-B subnet.
So I'm going to say my own subnet group for our DSD B and the last thing that I'm going to do is I'm
going to pro-white the subnet IDs that I want to spend this TB within my subnet walk.
So for those subnet IDs as you can remember from our VPC part I'm going to take those from my AWOS console
with the default PC and default subnets from that PC.
So let's go to a AWOS console right now and get the subnet IDs.
So this is our first stop at
and I'm going to get the other subnet as well.
And I'm going to get the last one
and here we go.